Adding a new service account doc including org level svc accounts (#934)
wandb/docs: docs/guides/app/features/teams.md

- **Admin**: Team admins can add and remove other admins or team members. They have permissions to modify all projects and full deletion permissions. This includes, but is not limited to, deleting runs, projects, artifacts, and sweeps.
- **Member**: A regular member of the team. An admin invites a team member by email. A team member cannot invite other members. Team members can only delete runs and sweep runs created by that member. Suppose you have two members A and B. Member B moves a Run from team B's project to a different project owned by Member A. Member A can not delete the Run Member B moved to Member A's project. Only the member that creates the Run, or the team admin, can delete the run.
- **View-Only (Enterprise-only feature)**: View-Only members can view assets within the team such as runs, reports, and workspaces. They can follow and comment on reports, but they can not create, edit, or delete project overview, reports, or runs. View-Only members do not have an API key.

> - **Custom roles (Enterprise-only feature)**: Custom roles allow organization admins to compose new roles by inheriting from the preceding **View-Only** or **Member** roles, and adding additional permissions to achieve fine-grained access control. Team admins can then assign any of those custom roles to users in their respective teams. Refer to [this article](https://wandb.ai/wandb_fc/announcements/reports/Introducing-Custom-Roles-for-W-B-Teams--Vmlldzo2MTMxMjQ3) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Custom roles (Enterprise-only feature)**: Custom roles allow organization admins to compose new roles based on either the **View-Only** or **Member** role, together with additional permissions to achieve fine-grained access control. Team admins can then assign any of those custom roles to team members. Refer to [Introducing Custom Roles for W&B Teams](https://wandb.ai/wandb_fc/announcements/reports/Introducing-Custom-Roles-for-W-B-Teams--Vmlldzo2MTMxMjQ3) for details.
```
From the linked article, it seemed like maybe roles that start from Viewer have additional restrictions, but maybe I'm misunderstanding: 

"Users with the Viewer role at the organizational level can only have that role on the team, and cannot be assigned any custom roles."

(if you take this suggestion, it should be applied to similar text in other files in this PR)
